Update ERC-6358: Slimming down and change the title (#6661)
ethereum/EIPs: EIPS/eip-6358.md

With this ERC, we can create a global token protocol, that leverages smart contracts or similar mechanisms on existing blockchains to record the token states synchronously. The synchronization could be made by trustless off-chain synchronizers.

## Motivation

- The current paradigm of token bridges makes assets fragment.  
- If ETH was transferred to another chain through the current token bridge, if the chain broke down, ETH will be lost for users.  

The core of this ERC is synchronization instead of transferring, even if all the other chains break down, as long as Ethereum is still running, user’s assets will not be lost. 

- The fragment problem will be solved.
- The security of users' multi-chain assets can be greatly enhanced.

## Specification

The key words "MUST", "MUST NOT", "REQUIRED", "SHALL", "SHALL NOT", "SHOULD", "SHOULD NOT", "RECOMMENDED", "NOT RECOMMENDED", "MAY", and "OPTIONAL" in this document are to be interpreted as described in RFC 2119 and RFC 8174.

### Omniverse Account

There SHOULD be a global user identifier of this ERC, which is RECOMMENDED to be referred to as Omniverse Account (`o-account` for short) in this article.  

> The `o-account` is RECOMMENDED to be expressed as a public key created by the elliptic curve `secp256k1`. A mapping mechanism is RECOMMENDED for different environments.  

Reviewer: Could you elaborate on what a mapping mechanism is?

Author: In the simplest implementation, we can just build two mappings to get it. One is like `pk based on sece256k1 => account address in the special environment`, and the other is the reverse mapping. 

The [Account System](https://developers.flow.com/tools/flow-js-testing/accounts) on [Flow](https://flow.com/) is a typical example. We have provided an implementation example [here](https://github.com/Omniverse-Web3-Labs/omniverse-flow)

- The public key can be bound to an account (a special built-in data structure) and the public key can be got from the `account address` like [this](https://github.com/Omniverse-Web3-Labs/omniverse-flow/blob/ee68e77200e8f804b815b4fa634096e90c3b1a89/contracts/OmniverseProtocol.cdc#L433)
- A mapping from `pk from sece256k1` to the `account address` on Flow can be built like [this](https://github.com/Omniverse-Web3-Labs/omniverse-flow/blob/ee68e77200e8f804b815b4fa634096e90c3b1a89/contracts/OmniverseProtocol.cdc#L6) and we can get the `account address` from `pk from sece256k1` like [this](https://github.com/Omniverse-Web3-Labs/omniverse-flow/blob/ee68e77200e8f804b815b4fa634096e90c3b1a89/contracts/OmniverseProtocol.cdc#L507)

Reviewer: In the proposal itself please!

Author: Hi @SamWilsn ,

Sincerely thank you for your patience and suggestions, and we have added the related contents to the proposal [here](https://github.com/ethereum/EIPs/blob/dfbf00d976d92115165a5be1185db12d8e4db255/EIPS/eip-6358.md#omniverse-account) and [here](https://github.com/ethereum/EIPs/blob/dfbf00d976d92115165a5be1185db12d8e4db255/EIPS/eip-6358.md#mapping-mechanism-for-different-environments).

All the Best~

### Data Structure

> A specific data structure SHOULD be designed to discribe the transactions need to be synchronized, and the name of the transactions of this ERC is RECOMMENDED to be referred to as Omniverse Transaction (`o-transaction` for short).  
> The data structure MUST be defined as follows:  

Reviewer: You should omit the first bit (with "SHOULD") because immediately after you have a more specific "MUST" requirement.

```suggestion
An Omniverse Transaction (`o-transaction` for short) MUST be described with the following data structure:
```

- Finally, the ERC-6358 smart contracts deployed on other chains will all receive the `o-transaction` data, verify the signature and execute it when the **waiting time is up**. 
- After execution, the `account nonce` on all chains will add 1. Now all the `account nonce` of account `A` will be $k+1$, and the state of the balances of the related account will be the same too.  

## Reference Implementation

### Omniverse Account

- An Omniverse Account example: `3092860212ceb90a13e4a288e444b685ae86c63232bcb50a064cb3d25aa2c88a24cd710ea2d553a20b4f2f18d2706b8cc5a9d4ae4a50d475980c2ba83414a796`
    - The Omniverse Account is a public key of the elliptic curve `secp256k1`
    - The related private key of the example is:  `cdfa0e50d672eb73bc5de00cc0799c70f15c5be6b6fca4a1c82c35c7471125b6`

### ERC-6358 Token

The ERC-6358 Token could be implemented with the [interfaces mentioned above](#smart-contract-interface). It can also be used with the combination of [ERC-20](./eip-20.md)/[ERC-721](./eip-721.md).  

- The implementation examples of the interfaces can be found at:

>     - [Interface IERC-6358](../assets/eip-6358/src/contracts/interfaces/IERC6358.sol), the basic ERC-6358 interface mentioned [above](#smart-contract-interface)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - [Interface `IERC6358`](../assets/eip-6358/src/contracts/interfaces/IERC6358.sol), the basic ERC-6358 interface mentioned [above](#smart-contract-interface)
```

>     - [Interface IERC-6358Fungible](../assets/eip-6358/src/contracts/interfaces/IERC6358Fungible.sol), the interface for ERC-6358 fungible token

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - [Interface `IERC6358Fungible`](../assets/eip-6358/src/contracts/interfaces/IERC6358Fungible.sol), the interface for ERC-6358 fungible token
```

>     - [Interface IERC-6358NonFungible](../assets/eip-6358/src/contracts/interfaces/IERC6358NonFungible.sol), the interface for ERC-6358 non-fungible token

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - [Interface `IERC6358NonFungible`](../assets/eip-6358/src/contracts/interfaces/IERC6358NonFungible.sol), the interface for ERC-6358 non-fungible token
```
